(Frog)
Did they win?
I think they won!
They did!
And speakin' of winnin',
I wonder what awards we'll score
for getting' this scoop?!
You hit record, right?
(Ai)
Now that Windy's gone,
things should be a lot
less turbulent movin' forward.
Yes, but this war
is far from won.
That's one less
Ignis infecting our world,
but my strongest enemies
still lie ahead.
Well Aqua, Soulburner's
handlin' his business,
let's go handle ours.
(Aqua)
Blue Maiden,
now that Windy is
out of the picture,
the only ones left are
Lightning and Bohman.
And if we can stop them,
we can bring this war to an end.
I totally agree
with ya, Aqua
but we gotta find ‘em first.
Yes, where could they be?
(Blue Maiden)
I don't know, Aqua.
They could be hiding anywhere
and when I say anywhere,
I mean anywhere.
Because if this world is
a mirror copy of LINK VRAINS,
there's more than a few corners
where they can be hiding.
(Aqua)
So then let's start looking.
(Announcer)
Attention. LINK VRAINS
is currently experiencing
technical difficulties.
SOL Technologies
is working on a fix
and expects to have
the problem resolved shortly.
Please stand by...
It feels like I've been
“standin' by ”
for hours and hours!
If I wanted to hang around
doin' nothing all day,
I coulda just
stayed in school!
(Announcer)
Attention.
LINK VRAINS is currently
experiencing
technical difficulties.
(fades) SOL Technologies
is working on a fix...
Do you have any idea
what's causing this, Ghost Gal?
(Blue Maiden)
Hey, Aqua. Check that out.
That building doesn't exist
in LINK VRAINS,
well, at least in
our version of LINK VRAINS.
That's where Central Station
is supposed to be.
(Aqua)
Let's take a
closer look then.
(gasps)
(Bohman)
Ah.
Welcome, Blue Maiden.
Welcome, Aqua.
Bohman!
I was wondering
when you would show up.
Ah, we're free again!
And back in the real
LINK VRAINS!
Wait, what?
(Pigeon)
Nah, we're still stuck
in the phony baloney one!
Cuz the real LINK VRAINS
doesn't have a that guy in it!
And look, Blue Maiden's
down there too!
Which means this throne zone's
gonna turn into an
all out danger dome!
So c'mon and hustle cuz
they're about to tussle!
Sure thing, Boss!
(Ai)
Ooh, the feed's
feedin' again!
You got this, Blue Maiden!
Take Bohman down!
Mirror world?
Yeah.
It seems the Ignis created
their own copy of LINK VRAINS
and now it's
affecting this one.
I'm quite curious
as to why the Ignis
would go to all
of that trouble?
(Ghost Gal)
That's what Playmaker
and his crew went to check out.
Well, not just Playmaker.
Varis went with him too.
Is this a joke?
Playmaker is working
with the Knights of Hanoi?
Strange times, huh?
Strange isn't
the word I'd--
(buzzing)
I'm getting a signal
from the mirror world.
Here, take a look
at this, Akira.
Looks like your sis
caught up with Bohman.
Blue Maiden, listen,
I know you're the one
who defeated my brother Harlin.
And I may not be able
to get my brother back,
but I can get his revenge.
You don't realize the chain
reaction you started.
After I eliminate you,
I will eliminate your friends,
and then eliminate
the rest of humanity.
Bohman,
I know you lost so much...
but so have I.
When Lightning
held me hostage,
I couldn't warn my friends
that he was going
to destroy the Cyberse.
I lost my whole world.
The only way to stop this cycle
is to stop fighting between us
and to stop Lightning
as well.
(Bohman)
That is one way
to end this war.
But there is another way.
If I eliminate
every human in existence,
there will be
no enemy left to fight
and that will
also end the war.
And I prefer this way more.
Perhaps you believe
that you can stop me,
but I am not the weak
and confused AI
that I used to be...
because I have evolved.
I have now become
the most perfect
and powerful lifeform
on this planet.
As such, it is my duty
to guide this world
and finally achieve peace.
(Aqua)
It's not real peace
if you have to achieve it
by eliminating lives!
That's not true.
Logically speaking,
peace is peace,
regardless of the process.
History says you're wrong.
Then allow me to be the first
in history to prove you wrong.
I have news for you, Bohman.
After listening to you
drone on and on,
I realized we actually
have something in common.
No, really...
and here it is:
You say that you've evolved.
Well, so have I.
Not that I'm all perfect
like you,
but I have changed
a lot over the years.
For instance,
I used to be a shy
and awkward loner.
Which is cool,
but it took me forever
to make my first friend,
and even longer
to find all the friends
that I have now.
Naturally then,
I value my friends a lot
and if you try
to take them from me
I will crush you!
Aqua and I will give you
one last chance to back down!
You and Aqua are
in no position
to demand anything from me,
Blue Maiden.
The fact is,
instead of throwing
around words,
we should be settling this
with our cards!
You're on, then!
(both)
Let's duel!
A word of warning,
Blue Maiden.
If Bohman has upgraded
his intellect,
then he won't fall
for the same strategies
that worked in the past
including the ones we used
to win against Harlin.
Well Aqua, that just
means we're gonna have
to create some
new strategies,
and we'll create them
together.
Here we go!
I'll start my turn by summoning
Marincess Sea Horse!
(giggles)
Next up, I'll use her
to build my circuit!
I set Marincess Sea Horse
in the Link Arrow!
I Link Summon!
Link 1
Marincess Blue Slug!
And due to Blue Slug's
special ability,
I can retrieve Marincess
Sea Horse from my graveyard
and then use my
Sea Horse's ability
to summon her to the field!
Though you spoke
of using new strategies,
this is the exact same
set of moves
you used against Harlin.
No, it's not.
It's like, 97% the same.
But don't worry,
you'll see what's different.
Now if these opening
moves aren't broke,
why fix them?
I'll use these two
to rebuild my circuit!
I now Link Summon!
Link 2
Marincess Coral Anemone!
My Coral Anemone
uses her special ability
to resurrect a Water Attribute
monster from my graveyard!
So c'mon back,
Blue Slug!
Now I can Link
Summon for a third time!
I set Coral Anemone
and Blue Slug
in the Link Arrows
to Link Summon...
Link 3 Marincess
Marbled Rock!
Since I used Coral Anemone
to Link Summon,
her special ability
activates!
I get to take
a Marincess back...
from my graveyard!
Blue Maiden managed to summon
her strongest monster
on her very first turn.
(Ai)
Yeah, she's going all out
like a bear at a buffet!
I ‘ll place one card
facedown and end my turn.
You're up, Bohman!
Now let's see
what you've got!
(Blue Maiden)
It's your turn, Bohman.
Not that we need
to remind you 'cause
you're so smart
and everything.
But don't forget that
when I dueled Harlin,
he played the same
deck as you.
So I know how
your deck works.
(Bohman)
But you don't know
everything!
(grunts)
Oh, we'll see.
Since both our Main Monster
Zones are currently empty,
I'm allowed to
automatically summon
Hydradrive Booster
from my hand.
And I shall use this Hydradrive
to generate my circuit!
I Link Summon!
Link 1 Coolant Hydradrive!
When you have a Water Attribute
monster on your field,
Coolant Hydradrive
is allowed to attack
your life points directly.
So it would behoove me
to take full advantage
of this feature.
I summon another
Hydradrive Booster
and use it to Link Summon
a second Coolant Hydradrive!
And since I summoned
it to my Main Monster Zone,
its Link Arrow points
to my Spell & Trap Zone,
which in turn allows me
to activate a Link Spell!
A Link Spell?
This isn't good.
The same spell I used
to end the Cyberse.
That's right!
I activate the Link Spell
Judgment Arrows!
That allows me to deal
even more damage,
but I'm not done
maximizing my attack output.
I summon a third
Hydradrive Booster
and use it to Link Summon
a third Coolant Hydradrive!
Blue Maiden,
all three of his monsters
can attack our life
points directly!
Since they each have
a 1000 attack points,
that's 3000 points of damage!
No, it's more than that
because Bohman's
Judgment Arrows
will double the attack points
of two of his
Coolant Hydradrives.
That adds up to...
(muttering)
game over! Ah!
(Aqua)
His monsters will deal us
5000 points of damage,
but we only have
4000 life points.
We won't survive
those attacks!
Then we better work
to figure out
a solution, Aqua.
Let's see...
I have Marbled Rock in play,
and her ability
lets me discard a Marincess
from my hand
to negate damage.
And I happen to have three!
One for each of
his Hydradrives.
I wouldn't count us out yet!
Really?
Because you can use your
Marbled Rock's ability
to prevent taking damage?
Hold on,
you knew about that?
(Bohman)
I know everything!
Instead of attacking,
I'm using my Hydradrives
to Link Summon a new monster
you've never seen before!
Awww, glitch!
I Link Summon...
Link 3 Cubed
Hydradrive Lord!
Bohman knew
Blue Maiden's plan,
so he's trying
a different tactic.
Your strategy may have worked
against the old Bohman,
but in my current,
perfect incarnation
your tricks are quite
simple to figure out,
Blue Maiden, you should
have tried much harder.
Yeah, well you made yourself
simpler to figure out too.
Cuz it's easier to deal
with one monster than three.
It's not the quantity
that matters,
it's the quality.
And Cubed Hydradrive
Lord possesses features
that are quite useful.
(grunts)
You see, Cubed
Hydradrive Lord
is an Earth
Attribute monster,
but due to its special ability
it gains two more Attributes,
Water and Fire.
So now it has
three Attributes?
Big deal.
Like, that's supposed
to scare me?
Perhaps not
in and of itself,
but my Cubed Hydradrive
Lord can also negate
the special abilities of
all monsters it shares
an Attribute with.
So since it's now
a Water monster,
your Marincess
loses its abilities!
That means we can't
stop him from dealing damage!
Yes, that is exactly
what it means!
Now Hydradrive Lord, attack
Marincess Marbled Rock!
And Judgment Arrows' effect
doubles its attack points!
(grunts)
Oh, no!
That was less than good,
but at least she still
has life points left.
Yes, for now.
But knowing Bohman,
I suspect that this isn't
the last of his moves.
He always has additional
strategies in mind.
(grunts)
Now that this attack
is complete,
Judgment Arrows'
effect ends,
so Cubed Hydradrive
Lord's attack points
drop back down to 2300.
Oh, and I hope you noticed
that I said “this ” attack,
because there's
another one coming!
When it destroys a monster
with the same Attribute,
my Hydradrive Lord can
attack for a second time!
That's not good!
That'll take out the rest
of her life points!
Well how about this!
I activate my trap card
Marincess Snow!
I get to Link Summon
a Marincess from my Extra Deck
that has fewer Link Arrows
than the one that you destroyed!
So feel the pulse of my
Marincess Crystal Heart!
(Blue Maiden)
Feel the pulse of my
Marincess Crystal Heart!
It's a Crystal Heart...?
That looks just like the one
Aqua gave to Earth.
I know that this Crystal
Heart will help us
just as much as
it helped Earth.
(Blue Maiden)
That's right, Aqua.
Cuz Crystal Heart is immune
to all of your effects
and abilities, Bohman!
That means Hydradrive
Lord's abilities
no longer work.
Oh, yeah!
But Hydradrive Lord can still
attack and destroy it.
Your monster has 0
attack points.
While my Cubed
Hydradrive Lord has 2300!
So I can attack and shatter
your Crystal Heart!
Do you reall think I wouldn't
be prepared for that?
I activate Marincess Crystal
Heart's special ability!
By sending one Marincess
in my hand to the graveyard,
Crystal Heart can't be
destroyed in battle!
Plus I don't take any damage!
Quite impressive.
By using a monster that's not
in my mental database,
I couldn't anticipate
your moves and prepare
a counterstrategy
in advance.
However, it's only
a matter of time
until I analyze
every facet of your card
and develop a proper counter.
Well, guess what, Bohman,
there's a simple way
for me to counter that.
I'll just win this duel
before you do!
That's right, Skye.
Don't let Bohman
intimidate you.
I know you can win.
I know you will win
this duel and prove
Bohman wrong because that
is what you've always been
so good at.
You've proven me wrong
more times than I can count.
I sheltered you 'cause
I thought you weren't ready
to face the realities
of the world.
When in fact,
you were more ready than
I could ever possibly be.
All I ever did...
was hold you back.
But all I'll ever do
from now on is hold you up!
I know you got this,
Blue Maiden.
As long as Blue Maiden
focuses on her strategy
and doesn't let
Bohman intimidate her,
she can win this duel.
When a duel is this
evenly matched,
it comes down
to who blinks first.
Though you appear confident,
how confident will you be
when I show you
how powerful I truly am?
Whatever Bohman did,
is affectin' this place too!
The whole mirror world
is destabilizing!
It's not just
the mirror world.
The real LINK VRAINS
is goin' berserk too!
(crowd screaming)
(Woman)
What's happening?
Whoa.
Not flash!
Aah!
This whole world's
starting to break apart!
I gotta log outta here stat!
Huh?
It says error code.
What's an error code?
Does this mean...
I can't log out of
LINK VRAINS?
(Zaizen)
What? We're locked out
of our own systems?
Yes, sir.
Someone's overwritten
our access protocols and
taken control of LINK VRAINS!
Just great.
I have become one
with LINK VRAINS,
and LINK VRAINS has now
become one with me.
(grunts)
So I now control
everything,
every program, every command,
every bit and byte.
And most importantly, I control
the fate of both our worlds.
And your fate ends
in total defeat, Blue Maiden.
We'll just see about that.
Don't you get it?
I already have.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
It's my turn!
I draw!
Ha!
Oh yeah!
This is just the card I need
to put my plan in motion!
I activate the Equip Spell,
Marincess Bubble Blast!
And equip it
on my Crystal Heart!
Now each time
I summon a Marincess
next to my Crystal
Heart's link,
you take 500 points of damage
for every link that they have!
But whenever I use
this effect, Bohman,
I'm not allowed
to attack that turn.
Blue Maiden has changed
her strategy to deal damage
using effects
instead of attacks.
(Ai)
But do you think
it will be effect-ive?
Next I use Marincess
Sea Horse's special ability
to automatically
summon her next to my
Crystal Heart's link
in attack mode!
But since that Marincess
is a Water monster,
my Hydradrive Lord
negates its abilities.
I know.
But by summoning her,
I triggered Marincess
Bubble Blast's effect!
You take 500 points
of damage for every link
that Crystal Heart has.
And that... adds up
to a thousand points!
Indeed it does.
But I'll take none
of that damage
when I activate
my trap card
Interference Canceller!
It reduces the damage I take
from card effects to 0.
And for every Link that my
Cubed Hydradrive Lord has,
I can use this trap again.
Oh no!
Since Cubed Hydradrive
Lord is a Link 3 monster,
that means Bohman can stop
Bubble Blast two more times!
True, but try to
think of it differently.
Huh?
Don't just think of it
as two more times, Aqua.
Try thinking of it
as only two more times.
Because after that,
we can deal
all the damage we want!
And then,
we'll win this!
Aah!